Here are the instructions for reproducing the results of class membership prediction on HeLis. 

- unzip files.tar.gz for files by pre-processing.

  1. train.csv, valid.csv and test.csv: training, validation and testing axioms extracted from the original ontology helis.v1.00.origin.owl.
  2. helis_v1.00.train.owl: the ontology after the validation and testing axioms are removed.
  3. helis_v1.00.train.projection.ttl: the projection of helis_v1.00.train.owl.
  4. classes.txt, individuals.txt: all named classes and individuals.
  5. annotations.txt, axioms.txt: annotations and declared axioms of helis.v1.00.train.owl.
  6. axioms_hermit.txt: all declared axioms plus axioms inferred by HermiT from helis.v1.00.train.owl.
  7. inferred_classes.txt: all inferred classes of each testing individual except for its ground truth (which is the declared class to predict).
  8. Note that annotations.txt, axioms.txt, axioms_hermit.txt are generated by Ontology_Axioms_Annotations.java; 
  9. herlis_v1.00.train.projection.ttl is generated by Ontology_Projector.java
  10. train.csv, valid.csv, test.csv, classes.txt, individuals and inferred_classes.txt are generated by ClassAssertion_NormalSplit.java.

- To reproduce OWL2Vec Star results, see examples in OWL2Vec_Plus_Run.sh

- To reproduce a *baseline* (e.g., RDF2Vec), see example in *Baseline*_Run.sh

   1. For TransR/DistMult/TransE, please train the embeddings by OpenKE, and set the learned embedding file in Baselines.py. 

   2. For Quantum Embedding, please train the embeddings by its [codes](https://github.com/IBM/e2r/tree/master/neurips2019) or use the embeddings trained by us under qembeddings-27000iters, and then run Quantum_Run.sh
