Here are the instructions for reproducing the results of class subsumption prediction on FoodOn. 

- Unzip files.tar.gz for files by pre-processing.

    1. train.csv, valid.csv, test.csv: training, validation and testing axioms from the original ontology foodon-merged.owl.
    2. go.train.owl: ontology after validation and testing axioms are removed.
    3. go.train.projection.ttl: the projection of go.train.owl.
    4. classes.txt: all named classes.
    5. annotations.txt, axioms.txt: annotations and all declared axioms of go.train.owl.
    6. axioms_hermit.txt: all declared axioms and axioms inferred by HermiT of go.train.owl.
    7. inferred_ancestors.txt: all inferred ancestors of each class except for its ground truth (i.e., the declared parent class that is to predict)
    8. annotations.txt, axioms.txt, axioms_hermit.txt are generated by Ontology_Axioms_Annotations.java.
    9. foodon-merged.train.projection.ttl is generated by Ontology_Projector.java.
    10. train.csv, valid.csv, test.csv, classes.txt, and inferred_ancestors.txt are generated by SubClass_NormalSplit.java.

- To reproduce OWL2Vec Star results, see examples in OWL2Vec_Plus_Run.sh

- To reproduce a *baseline*, see example in *Baseline*_Run.sh

    1. For TransR/DistMult/TransE, please train the embeddings by OpenKE, and set the learned embedding file in Baselines.py. 

    2. For EL Embedding, please train the embeddings by its own [codes](https://github.com/bio-ontology-research-group/el-embeddings), and set the learned embedding file in Baselines.py.



